Foreman birthday celebration (#1453)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _posts/2019-08-28-foreman-birthday-party-at-netways.md

---
layout: post
title: Foreman's 10th Birthday Party Celebration @NETWAYS
date: 2019-08-28 18:19:42
author:
 name: Rahul Bajaj
 uri: rabajaj
tags:
- foreman
- event
- meetup
- birthday
- community
excerpt: |
 A quick recap of the Forman birthday event which includes new community member’s introductions, productive conversation, interesting statistics, lots of swag and cake!
---

## Prelude

> The Foreman birthday event was a community driven, a one-day celebration. It was held at the NETWAYS office in Nuremberg on 25th July 2019. The event majorly consisted of 2 hours of hacking and demo followed by multiple talks. Let me take you through them in more detail in this blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Foreman birthday event was a community driven one-day celebration. It was held at the NETWAYS office in Nuremberg on 25th July 2019. The event consisted of 2 hours of hacking and demo followed by multiple talks. Let me take you through them in more detail in this blog.
```

1) A community talk:

Ohad Levy, the founder of the Foreman project opened the day sharing some interesting stories as well as pictures of the Foreman project’s journey since the initial days.

<p float="left" align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image1.JPG" width="200" />
</p>

After Ohad, Greg Sutcliffe demonstrated the community growth in the last few years using his new exceptional statistical skills, presenting data in forms of animated charts and graphs. Ori Rabin followed Greg and spoke about the current community structure and she also spoke about the results extracted from the community survey. Lastly, I spoke about how we would grow the community in the future.

<p float="left" align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image2.JPG" width="200" />
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image3.JPG" width="200" />
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image4.JPG" width="200" />
</p>

2) The State of Debian Support

Quirin Pamp spoke about the state of Debian support in the Foreman community.

> 

Author: I wanted to add few more lines here.

Author: @quba42 feel free to add few lines here :)

Reviewer 2: I may get around to it tomorrow.

Reviewer 2: I could imagine something like the following:
```
Quirin Pamp spoke about "The State of Debian Support in Foreman/Katello".
The talk focused on Debian/Ubuntu package actions in Katello (now merged), as well as Debian/Ubuntu errata support (undergoing active review here: https://github.com/Katello/katello/pull/7961).
The latter included some discussion of the ATIX errata service to obtain the needed Debian/Ubuntu errata (https://github.com/ATIX-AG/errata_parser, https://github.com/ATIX-AG/errata_server).
```
Feel free to make adjustments as you see fit.
(Or would you rather I create a pull request against your issue branch? :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: )

Author: Thanks for your input here :) I have added the lines mentioned by you :)

<p float="left" align='center'>

>   <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image5.JPG" width="200" />

Reviewer 3: On the pre-rendered version this appears to be 90 degrees turned.

</p>

3) A meeting with the Satellite Product Managers:

> For the first time at a community event, we had the Red Hat Satellite product managers, Dana Singleterry and Rich Jeriddo present to the audience. They shared the future plans for the Red Hat Satellite team and which specific domains the engineers were mostly planning to focus on. The most interesting part about this talk was an insight into how Red Hat is contributing to the wider open source community. They explained the release cycle of Red Hat Satellite to highlight the way Red Hat promotes upstream first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the first time at a community event, we had the Red Hat Satellite product managers, Dana Singleterry and Rich Jerrido present to the audience. They shared the future plans for the Red Hat Satellite team and which specific domains the engineers were mostly planning to focus on. The most interesting part about this talk was an insight into how Red Hat is contributing to the wider open source community. They explained the release cycle of Red Hat Satellite to highlight the way Red Hat promotes upstream first.
```

> For the first time at a community event, we had the Red Hat Satellite product managers, Dana Singaltery and Rich Jeriddo present to the audience. They shared the future plans for the Red Hat Satellite team and which specific domains the engineers were mostly planning to focus on. The most interesting part about this talk was an insight into how Red Hat is contributing to the wider open source community. They explained the release cycle of Red Hat Satellite to highlight the way Red Hat promotes upstream first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the first time at a community event, we had the Red Hat Satellite product managers, Dana Singleterry and Rich Jerrido present to the audience. They shared the future plans for the Red Hat Satellite team and which specific domains the engineers were mostly planning to focus on. The most interesting part about this talk was an insight into how Red Hat is contributing to the wider open source community. They explained the release cycle of Red Hat Satellite to highlight the way Red Hat promotes upstream first.
```

<p float="left" align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2019-birthday-celebration-images/image6.JPG" width="700"/>
</p>

4) Writing Ansible modules for Foreman and Katello:

[Evgeni Golov](https://github.com/evgeni) spoke about writing Ansible modules for Foreman. This talk basically covered everything a new or an experienced developer would require to start contributing to the Ansible modules. He explained how one can write custom Ansible modules for managing Foreman.

5) The social aspect of being part of the Foreman community:

[Ewoud Kohl van Wijngaarden](https://github.com/ekohl) has been a part of the Foreman community since 2012 and has a huge collection of the Foreman swags and memories which he shared with us on the birthday event.

After Ewoud's talk, the party went on with interesting discussions over pizza and beer!

## Swags, cake and arrangements

> As a return gift, all the speakers were  given the new Foreman umbrellas. For other participants, we also had t-shirts, stickers, Foreman caps and gummy bears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a special thank-you gift, all the speakers were given a new Foreman umbrella. For other participants, we also had t-shirts, stickers, Foreman caps and gummy bears.
```
